We are all experiencing
this massive propulsion
for the first time in history.
And I think what's really
exciting for us is we get
to be at the heart of the legal industry.
That is actually one of the oldest jobs
in the world interpreting the law,
and how we're gonna structure our society.
And I think that carries with
it a lot of responsibility.
(tranquil music)
Legora is the place
where legal work happens,
whether that's done by
a human or by an agent
or in collaboration.
We help legal work move
faster with reviews,
drafting and research.
And we bind all of this together
into a single cohesive workspace.
(tranquil music continues)
- Why are Claude models
specifically good for Legora?
- A lot of the nuance in drafting
and reviewing is very context specific.
You wanna match the style
of the existing document,
you might wanna match the style
of that lawyer in particular.
And there we found the Claude
models, especially Opus,
extraordinarily good at
the sort of fine drafting.
This is profoundly
changing the legal industry
because no technology before
has ever been able to work
with language and reasoning
like large language models.
The very cool thing for us
is that with each new model,
new capabilities are unlocked.
(lively music)
What's happening right
now is every third month
you guys come up with something new,
and it's very exciting,
and it sort of raises
the tide, if you will.
And so we're thinking a lot
about how do we build the boats
on top of that rising tide
so thatour system gets better
with every new model release.
And we certainly saw this
when we started embedding more
and more of the Anthropic
models into Legora.
This exchange of ideas, what's
working, what's not working,
where do we need to push further,
that has been incredible.
(lively music continues)
I think when I look at differentiation,
it's about how do we make sure
that Legora has the highest velocity out
of any company in the industry,
so that if you place a
bet on us and your firm
or legal team goes all in on Legora,
we're going all in on you.
You're picking a software
partner, an AI partner.
The people who can harness the power
of AI will do so much more in the future.
And the sort of constraints
about how much you can do
is starting to disappear.
(happy music)